---
title: 'AERA 2023 Paper Presentation on Developing a Bilingual Conversational Agent'
collection: news
date: 2022-10-16
permalink: /posts/2022/10/aera-23/
excerpt: 'Our paper presentation "Developing a Bilingual Dialogic Ebook with a Conversational Agent for Hispanic Families" was accepted by AERA 2023...'
tags:
  - Conference
  - Presentation
---

Our paper presentation *Developing a Bilingual Dialogic Ebook with a Conversational Agent for Hispanic Families* was accepted by AERA 2023.

Dialogic reading is an effective strategy to promote children’s language development. Conversational agents, powered by artificial intelligence that enables machines to understand human speech and respond with natural language, can serve as children’s reading partners during dialogic reading. To enrich children’s home language environment, the present study developed a bilingual dialogic ebook with a culturally and linguistically relevant conversational agent that can support trilogues between parents, children, and the agent, with a specific focus on children from Hispanic communities. A field test revealed that the bilingual conversational agent elicited active discussion between parents and children. Parents valued the cultural relevance of the ebook and appreciated the supportive role of the conversational agent.

> **He, K.**, Xu, Y., Vigil, V., Ojeda-Ramirez, S., Cervera, K., & Warschauer, M. (2023, April). *Developing a Bilingual Dialogic Ebook with a Conversational Agent for Hispanic Families* [Paper session]. American Educational Research Association Annual Meeting, Chicago, IL.